About Us 
Brainse infotech is a startup that specializes in building custom search engine for our clients. We started with a belief that the key to the growth of any firm lies in fulfilling our customers' need. And having a tailor-made searches and search results is one of the most important step in today's ever growing digital world. We believe that understanding our customers' requirements and connecting them to the vast network of end users would result in creation of a huge, great customer base, even for our clients. 

This belief has motivated us to excel in building custom search engine and other services like Market Analysis, Web development, Vertical Search and SEO for our clients. We have around 3 years of experience in designing and building a search engine by building an efficient crawler that runs on a distributed environment for faster, efficient and relevant results. We have experienced people in the field of algorithm design and development, web development and Content Management Systems. We build our products on a High Performing Distributed Infrastructure by employing technologies like Hadoop for Market analysis and cluster-based custom search engine. We have a devoted team that undertakes detailed Market Analysis for our customer so that the products we make are perfectly and carefully designed so as to suit according to our clients' needs. We believe that with our motivation and devotion towards achieving the utmost satisfaction of our clients, we continue to develop and do our best to work according to our clients' needs.

Our Mission Searching, as simple it may sound, plays an intricate role in our day to day life. It can even be reasoned out that "search" was an important ingredient towards the evolution of mankind. And in this vast world of complex networked things, its impossible to imagine world without the capability to search and find relevant information within a fraction of second. We believe in helping our clients to connect with their end-users and keep them happy. And our mission lies in the success and satisfaction of our clients. We aim to help our clients get closer to their customers by building a dedicated, tailor-made custom search engine and other important services like Web 2.0, Vertical Search, Market Analysis and SEO. Our custom search would be a final product of total dedication towards understanding the client, their market analysis ,their requirements and many other factors. And the end result we aim to reach is, to display the search results as wished and expected by our clients' customers. In this way, we provide a dual perspective to our search engine development which, coupled with the power of manual scrutination, results in a most comfort way for the customer to search and be satisfied and connected with our client. We do understand how important it is to have a huge base of satisfied and happy customers.



<?php 
	require('upper.php');
?>

	<!--PUT ALL CONTENT HERE-->
	<div id="content">

	</div>
	<!--CONTENT HOLDER ENDS HERE-->

<?php 
	require('lower.php');
?>		